CASMCMS-9332: Updated release notes with bug fixes, doc enhancement etc (#6084)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Miscellaneous functionality

* Console logs and interaction is now available and tenant aware through the `cray` CLI, see [console](operations/conman/ConMan.md#console) for more information.

> * CFS components can be updated in bulk through `cray` CLI using the `cfs components updatemany` command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Configuration Framework Service (CFS)](glossary.md#configuration-framework-service-cfs) components can now be updated in bulk through the [Cray CLI (`cray`)](glossary.md#cray-cli-cray).
```

>   see [Managing many components](operations/configuration_management/CFS_Commands_Cheat_Sheet.md#managing-many-components) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [Managing many components](operations/configuration_management/CFS_Commands_Cheat_Sheet.md#managing-many-components) for more information.
```

* CSM now provides the `csm.ssh_config` Ansible role to automatically restore the root user's SSH configuration file during
  [Management Node Personalization](operations/configuration_management/Management_Node_Personalization.md).
  For more details, see [SSH configuration files](operations/CSM_product_management/Set_Up_Passwordless_SSH.md#ssh-configuration-files).

> * CFS import tool now checks for running sessions before importing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CFS](glossary.md#configuration-framework-service-cfs) import tool now checks for running sessions before importing data.
```

  For more details, see [Import](operations/configuration_management/Exporting_and_Importing_CFS_Data.md#import) for more information.
* BOS import tool now checks for running sessions before importing data. For more details,

>   see [Import BOS session templates](operations/boot_orchestration/Exporting_and_Importing_BOS_Data.md#exporting-and-importing-bos-data) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more details, see [Import](operations/configuration_management/Exporting_and_Importing_CFS_Data.md#import).
* [BOS](glossary.md#boot-orchestration-service-bos) import tool now checks for running sessions before importing data. For more details,
  see [Import BOS session templates](operations/boot_orchestration/Exporting_and_Importing_BOS_Data.md#exporting-and-importing-bos-data).
```

* Added retry logic to `postgres_clusters_running.sh to prevent` intermittent false positives
* Added BOS CRUD tests for `sessiontemplates` and `sessions`. `sessions` tests include `staged` and `non staged`.
  These tests are included as part of SMS health checks. Please refer to
  [Software Management Services health checks](troubleshooting/known_issues/sms_health_check.md#software-management-services-health-checks) for more information.
* Added CFS CRUD tests for `configurations` and `sources`. These tests are included as part of SMS health checks. Please refer to
  [Software Management Services health checks](troubleshooting/known_issues/sms_health_check.md#software-management-services-health-checks) for more information.
* Added IMS CRUD tests for `images`, `recipes` and `public keys`. These tests are included as part of SMS health checks. Please refer to
  [Software Management Services health checks](troubleshooting/known_issues/sms_health_check.md#software-management-services-health-checks) for more information.
* Added CFS node personalization to the barebones image boot test. This test is included as part of SMS health checks. Please refer to

>   [Software Management Services health checks](troubleshooting/known_issues/sms_health_check.md#software-management-services-health-checks) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added tests to the Software Management Services (SMS) health checks:
    * Added [BOS](glossary.md#boot-orchestration-service-bos) create/update/delete (CRUD) tests for session templates and sessions.
    * Added [CFS](glossary.md#configuration-framework-service-cfs) CRUD tests for configurations and sources.
    * Added [IMS](glossary.md#image-management-service-ims) CRUD tests for images, recipes, and public keys.
    * These tests are part of the procedure to [Validate CSM Health](operations/validate_csm_health.md).
    * For more information on the SMS health checks, see
      [Software Management Services health checks](troubleshooting/known_issues/sms_health_check.md#software-management-services-health-checks).
* Added [CFS](glossary.md#configuration-framework-service-cfs) node personalization to the barebones image boot test.
    * This tests is part of the procedure to [Validate CSM Health](operations/validate_csm_health.md).
    * For more information, see [Barebones Image Boot Test](troubleshooting/cms_barebones_image_boot.md).
```

      [SCSD](glossary.md#system-configuration-service-scsd),
      [SLS](glossary.md#system-layout-service-sls)
* A bug was fixed in the `hmcollector-poll` service so that event subscriptions are no longer lost after updating Paradise BMC firmware.  The service no longer needs to be restarted after performing firmware updates.

> * Fixed an issue where a soft deleted recipe was always assigned the arch `x86_64` regardless of the architecture of the recipe that was deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a soft deleted IMS recipe was always assigned the architecture `x86_64`, regardless of the architecture of the recipe that was deleted.
```

> * Soft deleted recipe was always assigned `require_dkms=true` regardless of the value of the recipe that was deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a soft deleted IMS recipe was always assigned `require_dkms=true`, regardless of the value of the recipe that was deleted.
```

> * Incorrect metadata was stored for newly created IMS images.
> * IMS image tags were removed by soft delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where incorrect metadata was stored for newly created IMS images.
* Fixed an issue where IMS image tags were removed by a soft delete.
```

> * Updating CFS session fails causing the session to be stuck in pending state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where updating a CFS session could fail and cause the session to be stuck in pending state.
```

> * `cfs-debugger` crashes when `cfs-state-reporter` service status does not include `since` timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `cfs-debugger` crashed when `cfs-state-reporter` service status did not include a `since` timestamp.
```

> * Post upgrade job of `cms-ipxe` fails if previously failed `cms-ipxe` upgrade job entry exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the post-upgrade job of `cms-ipxe` would fail if a previously failed `cms-ipxe` upgrade job entry existed.
```

> * Update the build image from recipe job status to `error` when the zypper repos are not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where, when building an IMS image from a recipe, the job status would not update to `error` when the `zypper` repositories were not available.
```
